xray client: return an error if the HTTP request failed (#5718)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- The superfluous `response.WriteHeader` call in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` when the response writer is flushed. (#5634)
- Custom attributes targeting metrics recorded by the `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` are not ignored anymore. (#5129)

> - Erroneous response code of `getSamplingRules` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samplers/aws/xray/internal/client.go` will result in an error despite an empty sampling manifest. (#)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Non-200 HTTP status codes when retrieving sampling rules in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samplers/aws/xray/internal/client.go` now return an error. (#5718)
```

- The superfluous `response.WriteHeader` call in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` when the response writer is flushed. (#5634)
- Use `c.FullPath()` method to set `http.route` attribute in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/gin-gonic/gin/otelgin`. (#5734)
- Out-of-bounds panic in case of invalid span ID in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/propagators/b3`. (#5754)

> - Non-200 HTTP status codes when retrieving sampling rules in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/samplers/aws/xray` now return an error. (#5718)

Reviewer 2: this needs to be moved up to the unreleased section now
